Add plus links to OSS (#2328)
dlt-hub/dlt: docs/website/docs/general-usage/credentials/setup.md

## Available config providers

:::tip dlt+

> If you want to define all sources, destinations, pipelines and parameters in the `yaml` file, check out [dlt+](../../plus/features/projects.md).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To define your configuration (including sources, destinations, pipeline and parameters) in a declarative way in the YAML file, check out [dlt+](../../plus/features/projects.md).
```

Let's stress that this is not only YAML file but also a declarative style of definition.
